Stop snapshotting during iteration on frozen collections (#3067)
realm/realm-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
* Fixed a NullReferenceException being thrown when subscribing to `PropertyChanged` notifications on a `Session` instance that is then garbage collected prior to unsubscribing. (PR [#3061](https://github.com/realm/realm-dotnet/pull/3061))
* Removed bitcode support from the iOS binary as it's no longer accepted for App Store submissions. (Issue [#3059](https://github.com/realm/realm-dotnet/issues/3059))

> * Slightly increased performance and reduced allocations when creating an enumerator for frozen collections (PR [#3067](https://github.com/realm/realm-dotnet/pull/3067)).

Reviewer: We prefer to list issues in the changelog rather than PRs.

```suggestion
* Slightly increased performance and reduced allocations when creating an enumerator for frozen collections (Issue [#2815](https://github.com/realm/realm-dotnet/issues/2815)).
```
